Add 1.0.2 release notes (#4627)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.0.2.md

# Spice v1.0.2 (Feb 4, 2024)

> Spice v1.0.2 focuses on an improved developer experience, improved support for HuggingFace and Filesystem-hosted models, in addition to bug fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
Spice v1.0.2 focuses on an enhanced developer experience, better support for HuggingFace and Filesystem-hosted models, in addition to bug fixes.
```

  ├── [b6b17f1a9a6b86dc] (  982.21ms) ai_completion
  ├── [c30d692c6c41c5ee] (    0.06ms) tool_use::list_datasets
  └── [ce18756d5fef0df0] ( 1605.12ms) ai_completion

trace> spice trace ai_chat --trace-id 61cc6bd0e571c783

trace> spice trace ai_chat --id chatcmpl-AvXwmPSV1PMyGBi9dLfkEQTZPjhqz
```

The `spice trace` CLI simply outputs data available in the `runtime.task_history` table which can also be queried by SQL.

To learn more, see:

- [`spice trace` Documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/cli/reference/trace)
- [Task History Documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/reference/task_history)

- **Filesystem-Hosted Models Provider:** Graduated to [Release Candidate (RC)](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/docs/criteria/models/rc.md). To learn more, see the [Filesystem-Hosted Models Provider Documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/models/filesystem).

- **HuggingFace Models Provider:** Graduated to [Release Candidate (RC)](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/docs/criteria/models/rc.md). To learn more, see the [HuggingFace Models Provider Documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/models/huggingface).

> - **Spice.ai Cloud Platform Catalog:** Graduated to [Beta](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/docs/criteria/catalogs/beta.md).- **Spice.ai Cloud Platform Catalog:** Graduated to [Beta](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/docs/criteria/catalogs/beta.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spice.ai Cloud Platform Catalog:** Graduated to [Beta](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/blob/trunk/docs/criteria/catalogs/beta.md).
```
